<meta name="google-site-verification" content="EpSe1RrkDFdXAguP0nrIF9nlRjkzml_-v1DhX4vvEn8" />

Privacy Policy
Last updated October 30, 2025
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
What personal information do we collect?
When you use our Services, we may collect personal information such as your name, email address, trading preferences, and usage data.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law.
When do we share your information?
We may share information with service providers like payment processors (Stripe), AI platforms (OpenAI), and cloud hosting services.
How do we keep your information safe?
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures. However, no system is 100% secure.
What are your privacy rights?
Depending on your location, you may have rights to access, correct, delete, or opt out of certain processing of your personal information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Names, email addresses, phone numbers
Trading preferences and watchlists
Posts, polls, chat messages, and AI conversations
Payment information (processed by Stripe)
Usage data and analytics
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
To provide and improve our Services
To process subscriptions and payments
To personalize your experience (saved trades, chat history)
To enable community features (forums, chats, polls)
To provide AI-powered analysis and insights
To send service updates and marketing (with your consent)
AI & DATA PROCESSING
We use AI services (OpenAI) to provide Pulse AI features. Your chat inputs and trade data may be processed by these services to generate insights. We do not use your data to train third-party AI models.
YOUR RIGHTS
Access and review your personal data
Request corrections to inaccurate data
Request deletion of your account and data
Opt out of marketing communications
Withdraw consent for data processing
DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal information for as long as your account is active. After account termination, we keep data for up to 3 months for legal and operational purposes, then delete or anonymize it.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
Stripe - Payment processing
OpenAI - AI chat and analysis
Base44 - Platform infrastructure and hosting
Google - Authentication and APIs
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Cookies and Tracking:
We use cookies and similar technologies for authentication, storing preferences, and analytics.
Location Data:
We collect approximate location data based on your IP address for analytics and service delivery.
Age Requirement:
Our Services are intended for users 18 years and older. We do not knowingly collect information from minors.
International Data Transfers:
Your information may be transferred to and processed in countries outside your residence, including the United States, where data protection laws may differ.
Changes to This Policy:
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of material changes via email or in-app notification. Continued use after changes constitutes acceptance.

google-site-verification: google50a09ed2667c951c.html
